THE DOCUMENT SOURCE (TDS)
Decision Addendum 01
Date: August 26, 2026

This addendum records decisions made after the initial TDS project-context
document was prepared.

CONFIRMED DECISIONS

1. Webex space exclusion
Webex spaces will not be categorically excluded from TDS capture.

2. Rejected Q&A deletion
When a rejected Q&A reaches its deletion date, all related context and
attachments are permanently purged. No record or audit tombstone of that Q&A is
retained after deletion.

3. Published-document review dates
Published documents do not need an optional or required review-by date.

4. Attachment size
The maximum size is 25 MB per individual attachment.

5. Pinned-space controls
Admins cannot turn off capture for an individual pinned Webex space. Pinned
spaces remain capture-enabled for authorized Admins and Moderators. Basic User
publication visibility and Admin/Moderator-only visibility remain separate
controls.

6. Internal teams
TDS supports multiple internal teams within its single organization. Registered
users belong to specific teams. An Admin manages membership from the Settings
dashboard by searching registered users by email address or name and adding
them to a team. A team member gains visibility into the permitted knowledge
associated with all Webex spaces pinned to that team.

The same Webex space can be pinned to multiple internal teams. Members of each
team gain access according to that team's visibility settings. A user needs
access through at least one of their teams to see the document.

All document, search, transcript, and attachment queries must enforce team
membership and the pinned-space visibility settings.

7. Updating a captured thread
After additional replies are added to a previously captured Webex thread, an
Admin or Moderator can invoke:

    @<bot-name> update

This creates a new review using the additional responses. The existing approved
document must not be silently overwritten while the update is awaiting review.
Approval should result in a new version of the existing document.

The update command retrieves and processes the complete current thread, not
only the messages added since the previous capture. TDS should retain the prior
source snapshot and determine changes for moderator presentation and version
history.

8. Permanent deletion
TDS retains no records after a Q&A is deleted. Purging must include its database
records, source transcript, attachments, generated content, search-index data,
cached previews, and other related processing artifacts.

9. Searching hidden transcripts
Original transcript text remains searchable by Basic Users even when the
transcript is hidden on the published document. A match may return the permitted
document, but the result must show only its published summary and other visible
fields. It must never show a hidden transcript excerpt, highlighted hidden text,
autocomplete content, or hidden transcript data in a response payload.

This choice can reveal that a searched term exists somewhere in the hidden
source material, even though it does not reveal the text itself. This is an
intentional privacy tradeoff and must be covered by security testing.

Team and document visibility are still enforced before searching. Users cannot
search documents belonging only to teams or audiences they cannot access.

10. Document labels
On approval, TDS automatically applies either Verified or Unresolved based on
whether the reviewer confirms that the source supports a resolution. Outdated
and Deprecated labels can be applied later by an Admin or Moderator while
editing an approved document. Published documents have no automatic expiration
or review-by date.

The automatic Verified/Unresolved behavior applies equally when a Moderator or
an Admin approves the document.

REMAINING OPEN ITEMS

1. A maximum of 25 MB per attachment is confirmed. A combined maximum size for
all attachments on one Q&A has not been defined.

2. Deleted material must leave no TDS record. Backup purge timing, if backups
are used, still needs an operational policy so restored backups do not revive
deleted content indefinitely.
